term,explanation
Black Hole,"It’s a region of space where not even light can escape—just like your enthusiasm the moment effort is required. Everything falls in, never to return, kind of like your attention span when someone mentions 'reading.' It’s the universe’s way of cleaning up cosmic messes, which is ironic since you can't even clean your room. #ELI5"
Vaccination,"It’s a magical little poke that teaches your immune system to fight diseases before they even show up—yes, imagine learning something *before* it becomes a crisis. But hey, by all means, ignore centuries of rigorous scientific research and trust that Facebook post from Brenda, your cousin with a GED in 'vibes.' #ELI5"
Electricity,"It’s not wizardry, despite how shocked you are that your phone works. It’s just electrons moving through wires, powering everything around you while you sit there blissfully unaware. Amazing that something you use constantly still baffles you—then again, so does a basic recipe. #ELI5"
Evolution,"It’s how living things slowly adapt and improve over time—an idea that must terrify you since 'improvement' isn’t in your personal vocabulary. Everything that’s alive today is the result of countless small changes, but go ahead and believe you popped out fully formed and flawless. #ELI5"
Antibiotics,"Little pills that actually know what they’re doing—unlike someone else I could mention—hunt down and destroy bacteria making you sick. But if you want to keep blaming your sore throat on moon phases and crystal energy, don’t let actual medicine stop you. #ELI5"
WiFi,"It’s invisible magic beams that bring you memes, videos, and misinformation at lightning speed. You don’t see it, understand it, or respect it—but you will absolutely throw a tantrum if it buffers for three seconds. #ELI5"
Magnetism,"Magnets pull certain metals toward them, like how you’re drawn to conspiracy theories instead of textbooks. It’s an invisible force explained by physics, but sure, keep calling it 'magnet vibes' if science cramps your style. #ELI5"
Blockchain,"It’s a secure digital ledger that even you couldn’t accidentally delete—although you’ll still manage to lose your crypto wallet somehow. Think of it as a diary no one can forge, which is more organized than anything you’ve done in your life. #ELI5"
Bacteria,"Microscopic organisms that live pretty much everywhere—including your keyboard, your face, and probably your lunch. You’d know more if you’d ever glanced at a hygiene pamphlet instead of assuming hand sanitizer was a scam. #ELI5"
Cloud Computing,"It’s not some fluffy data heaven above you—it’s just remote servers holding your endless selfies because your phone is too full from apps you forgot you downloaded. The cloud remembers everything, unlike you during finals week. #ELI5"
Quantum Physics,"Particles doing multiple things at once, like being in two places until someone watches them—kind of like how you suddenly ‘understand’ everything when the teacher walks by. It’s confusing, yes, but so is your logic sometimes. #ELI5"
Metamorphosis,"When creatures like caterpillars completely transform themselves into something else—something beautiful, useful, or at least functional. Which is wild, because your version of 'change' is putting on a clean hoodie. #ELI5"
Fusion,"It’s when atoms combine to release massive energy—unlike your group projects, which combine to produce absolutely nothing. The sun does it constantly without complaining, but please, tell me more about how tired you are. #ELI5"
Artificial Intelligence,"Computers that learn faster than you do and don’t need coffee to stay focused. They’re getting smarter every day while you still think clearing your browser history deletes your digital footprint. #ELI5"
Erosion,"Slow, natural forces like water and wind wear down rocks and land over time, much like how facts gradually chip away at your deeply-held misconceptions—assuming they ever do. #ELI5"
Enzyme,"They’re tiny proteins in your body that break down food so you don’t explode from eating pizza. They work constantly, unlike someone who thinks chewing counts as effort. #ELI5"
Plate Tectonics,"The Earth’s surface is made of plates that slowly drift and sometimes crash into each other, causing earthquakes—kind of like your relationships, but at least the Earth has a reason. #ELI5"
Oxygen,"It’s what you breathe all day without giving it a second thought, which makes sense given your general stance on thinking. Take it away, and suddenly you’re *very* interested in science. #ELI5"
Refraction,"When light bends passing through things like water or glass, making objects look weird—sort of like your idea of truth after watching one YouTube video. It’s not a trick, it’s physics. #ELI5"
Genome,"It’s the complete instruction manual for building you—yes, all of you. Wild how billions of years of biological information went into creating someone who still uses 1234 as a password. #ELI5"
Photosynthesis,"Plants turning sunlight into food, which is great because you can’t even turn leftovers into a meal without burning them. It’s how they grow and thrive, while you just grow and complain. #ELI5"
