term,explanation
"TikTok","Oh, it's just an app where people with absolutely NO talent waste their time making 15-second videos that somehow get millions of views. But sure, I guess your dance moves are 'special.' #ELI5"
"Influencer","Someone who takes selfies and gets paid for it because apparently that's a 'job' now. They'll tell you to buy things you don't need while pretending to care about you. Must be nice to be so 'authentic.' #ELI5"
"NFT","A digital picture that you 'own' but everyone else can still see and copy. You're basically paying for a receipt of something that exists for free online. But sure, that's a 'smart investment.' #ELI5"
"Streaming","Watching TV shows whenever you want instead of when they're on, because apparently waiting is just too hard for people these days. Now everyone binges 10 hours straight. So healthy. #ELI5"
"Meme","A picture with words that people share instead of having real conversations. It's what passes for humor now because original thoughts are clearly too difficult to come up with. #ELI5"
"Ghosting","When someone decides you're not worth a simple 'goodbye' text so they just disappear. It's what passes for communication in today's 'evolved' dating world. How considerate. #ELI5"
"Selfie","A picture you take of yourself because you think the world absolutely NEEDS to see your face from 37 slightly different angles. Essential documentation for future historians, clearly. #ELI5"
"Hashtag","That pound sign you put before words to pretend your post is part of something important. It's how people think they're making a difference without actually doing anything. #ELI5"
"Binge-watching","Watching an entire TV series in one sitting because apparently moderation and patience are outdated concepts. Your bloodshot eyes at 4am are totally worth it, I'm sure. #ELI5"
"Viral","When something spreads across the internet faster than people's ability to fact-check it. Congrats on your 15 minutes of fame for falling down stairs or whatever. #ELI5"
